Sheree : Esme!
Sheree : I told you. Don't mess with my professor!
Esme : Wait, before you...
Sheree : No matter what you say, I hate you at all!
Sheree : Hmm, you made this apple? I never thought you could make this apple  look beautiful.
Esme : That's the thing I had to give to Prof.Veneno Bring it back!
Sheree : Are you giving it to Prof.Veneno? How dare you!
Avilia : That's enough!
Avilia : Why did you hurt people who didn't want to fight? Aren't you ashamed?
Sheree : Why do you always mind our business, Avilia?
Avilia : Your actions, It's not my cup of tea.
Avilia : Wait !
Sheree : Why are you so fussy?
Avilia : Bring that apple back to Esme.
Sheree : *laughing*
Sheree : If I don't return this apple back...
Sheree : then why? come and get it, idiot!
Avilia : You idiot!, play alone!
Esme : A...Avilia, What shall we do?
Avilia : Why? Is this apple important to you?
Esme : yes, It's more important than you think.
Esme : that Apple is dangerous because it can lure monsters out.
Esme : If a monster or someone accidentally eats it... It will explode itself.
Avilia : W...Why did you bring such dangerous stuff to Academy?!
Esme : I...I
Avilia : No time to talk! I must hurry to stop before anything happens!
Avilia : I'll follow Sheree, and you need to find another way to stop her!
End : Story1
Esme : Sheree! Give me that apple! RIGHT NOW!
Sheree : Look like this apple is very important to you.
Avilia : Listen her!
Sheree : ahh. Fine!
Sheree : If you want it then you have to take it from my BELLY!
Esme : NO! don't eat that!
Avilia : Esme Watch out!
Avilia : !!!
Avilia : Esme! Are you alright? Can you walk?
Esme : I'm fine... but my leg hurts
Avilia : I'll cast a healing spell right now.
Veneno : Students. What happened?
Esme : Professor, a...apple
Veneno : I get it, later
Veneno : Let me take Esme to first aid. Avila follows me.
Avilia : Yes sir.
End : Story2
Avilia : Esme You feel better?
Esme : Avilia, I have to make another apple as soon as possible.
Avilia : What? No, You can't make another weird apple again.
Esme : I can't stop. It's Very Important.
Avilia : Is that more important than your life? Esme, please stop hurting          yourself.
Esme : Avilia, please, It can save other life from becoming victims of Monster.Me and Prof.Veneno worked together to research it.
Avilia : I know, it's important for you but you have to rest.
Esme : Avilia help me please. I lost an apple Prof.Veneno must have been very disappointed.
Avilia : *Sigh* but I'm not sure that will be successful.
Esme : You have to bring the ingredients to me. after that, I can do it myself.
Avilia : what ingredients?
Esme : The First is potion, You can go and ask for it from Prof.Stella She is    always in the west hallway.
Esme : The Second is magic powder, You can get it as a reward from the eventat the canteen by the mystery club.
Esme : The Last is apple scrap, It's in Secret forest. but...
Avilia : Yeah, Everyone knows that forests are not normal.
Esme : Please, Be careful I will never forget what you helped me.
End : Story3
Veneno : Headmaster
Headmaster : yes?
Veneno : I have something very precious to offer to you.
Veneno : An apple that can restore the magic power that you ordered me to       make is successful.
Headmaster : Great, thanks to this, I will be able to restore my lost magic power.
Headmaster : If it really works I will support you and that student.
Veneno : Thank you Headmaster, I hope it works
End : Story4
Esme : You're a liar! you said that apples were meant to save other lives!
Esme : I'll tell people about what you do!
Veneno : Don't do this Esme You are still useful to me.
Esme : I'm sure Headmaster died because of that apple.
Veneno : You make me no choices Esme
Veneno : You made this a bad ending.
Esme : W...What are you doing?
End : Story5